merge soberdocs into vinegarhq.org (#143)
vinegarhq/vinegarhq.github.io: src/Sober/Home/index.md

<p align="center">
  <img style="max-width: 30%" src="../../sober.svg">
</p>

## Welcome to the community-maintained documentation of Sober

- Sober is an experimental software interoperability layer, which lets users run *Roblox Player* on Linux.
- The homepage and installation page for Sober can be found [here](https://sober.vinegarhq.org/).
- The documentation is open source, however the software is closed source for various reasons. The documentation can be accessed [on its GitHub repo](https://github.com/vinegarhq/vinegarhq.github.io).

> > **Note**: Due to the closed source nature of Sober, documentation of Sober is only written via. public knowledge. The accuracy of the documentation is not 100% guaranteed to be factual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Due to the closed source nature of Sober, documentation is limited by the community's public knowledge. As a result, documentation may not be fully accurate.
```
